making perfect zucchini noodles or our
zoodles as I like to call it is really
super simple what you want to do is
start off with zucchinis that are small
and kind of heavy and firm for their
size you want to make sure they're
organic okay so you want the nine digit
five digit number starting with number
nine all you do simply is top and tail
it so I'll just take off the ends a
little bit on each side doesn't have to
be much you grab your zucchini noodle
maker your vegetable julienne slicer and
you can actually make very simple
zucchini noodles as you see here just by
sliding it across with even pressure
okay very important to take the sticker
off because you don't want you sticker
in your noodles and then just keep time
even pressure being very careful it's
always best to go slow
gently consistently and firmly rather
than fast really important that you're
dealing with a sharp instruments you
want to be careful of those blades if
you're at all worried you can actually
get one of those mesh gloves that
actually prevents injuries otherwise I
am quite comfortable doing it by hand
and just going smoothly and slowly
always better to just go smooth and slow
and firm get the right size noodle and
just keep working around the grain core
or sorry green skin and so you end up
with the kind of the more seedy fibers
core in the middle that you can actually
use in soups and salads just chop it up
so that's how simple it is to make
zucchini noodle pasta it's awesome for
people who have celiac disease IBS or
are actually wanting to lower their
blood sugar so they're not wanting
refined flours and carbohydrates this is
a great alternative to pasta for anyone
who has diabetes as well so super simple
as you can see this is the best grader I
have found after my 20 plus years in the
kitchen to actually make zucchini
noodles it's completely awesome I think
you're going to love it